Add new onboarding process for web teammates (#1259)
sourcegraph/about: handbook/engineering/web/onboarding.md

# Onboarding

> Welcome to the web team! We're excited to welcome you onto the team. This document oultines the structure of your first few weeks at Sourcegraph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to the web team! We're excited to have you join the team. This document outlines the structure of your first few weeks at Sourcegraph.
```

## Status of this document

This document is an **experimental new onboarding flow** for web team members. The current source of truth for other teams is  [engineering onboarding](../onboarding.md).

## Guiding principles

### There are no stupid questions

> Joining a new company can be overwhelming -- there's a lot to learn! As you navigate your first few weeks at Sourcegraph, we want you to know that everyone on the team is here to help, and that there are **no stupid questions**.

Reviewer 2: Nit: s/--/— in the document

- Communicate on your progress with the team through our [daily Slack updates](../index.md#daily_slack_updates).
- If you need help, remember that there are [no stupid questions](#there_are_no_stupid_questions) -- ask for help in your team's channel (or any appropriate channel), and add the answer to our docs or the handbook if you feel like it can help future teammates.

As you complete these tasks, share your accomplishments in #progress 🙂

### Pairing sessions

Reach out to every member of your direct team, and set up a two-hour pairing session with them. These sessions will be an opportunity to get to know your teammates, understand what they're working on and why, and learn more about our codebase and development flows!

Take the first 20-30 minutes of the session to have an unstructured, introductory chat. Then, start hacking! Your teammate will set up a [live share](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/services/live-share/) and walk you through what they're currently working on. Ask as many questions as possible, to try to understand:
- What problem is your teammate trying to solve?
- Why is that problem important? What team goal does it fit under?

> - Was are relevant RFCs, PDs, GitHub issues or documentation pages?

Reviewer 2: I anticipate fresh hires won't know what these mean otherwise :)
```suggestion
- Was are relevant [RFCs](https://about.sourcegraph.com/handbook/communication/rfcs), [PDs](https://about.sourcegraph.com/handbook/product/product_documents), GitHub issues or documentation pages?
```

Author: Ah thanks, I meant to add these but forgot to update at the end 🙂
